Apply improved range proof to Sum and SumVec circuits (#576)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf: draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf.md

range. Each measurement is an integer in the range `[0, max_measurement]`,
where `max_measurement` defines the largest valid measurement.

The range check is accomplished by encoding the measurement as a vector of field

> elements with value zero or one, such that a weighted sum of the "bits" can only

Reviewer: suggestion: this is one way to avoid quoting the _bits_ word.

```suggestion
elements with value zero or one, such that a weighted sum of these values can only
```

be in this range. All but one of the weights are successive powers of two, as in

> a binary bit decomposition, and the last weight is chosen such that the sum of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the binary bit decomposition, and the last weight is chosen such that the sum of
```

all weights is equal to `max_measurement`. With these weights, valid
measurements have either one or two possible representations as a vector of 0/1

> field elements, and invalid measurements cannot be represented.

Reviewer: "a vector of 0/1 field elements" can be consufed with vectors of length zero or one.

```suggestion
measurements have either one or two possible representations as vectors of 
field elements with zero or one values, and invalid measurements cannot be represented.
```

            + meas[self.bits - 1] * self.field(self.last_weight)
        ]

    def decode(self, output: list[F], _num_measurements: int) -> int:
        return output[0].int()
~~~

### Prio3SumVec

| Parameter         | Value                                                                 |
|:------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `field`           | `Field128` ({{fields}})                                               |
| `Valid`           | `SumVec(field, length, max_measurement, chunk_length)` (this section) |
| `PROOFS`          | `1`                                                                   |
{: title="Parameters for Prio3SumVec."}

This instance of Prio3 supports summing vectors of integers. It has three
parameters: `length`, `max_measurement`, and `chunk_length`. Each measurement is
a vector of positive integers with length equal to the `length` parameter. Each
element of the measurement is an integer in the range `[0, max_measurement]`. It
is RECOMMENDED to set `chunk_length` to an integer near the square root of
`length * bits`, where `bits` is the number of bits needed to represent

> `max_measurement` (see {{parallel-sum-chunk-length}}).

Author: I don't want to add this formula, as the linked subsection notes that it could produce proofs up to 50% larger than the optimal size found through a parameter search. I'll add a formula for deriving `bits` here, which should help clarify the next paragraph as well.

Thanks to Julia Hesse who provided feedback on behalf of the Crypto Review
Panel.

Thanks to Ian Goldberg for the bit decomposition technique used in the Sum

> circuit.

Reviewer 2: Not just the sum circuit!
```suggestion
Thanks to Ian Goldberg for the bit decomposition technique used in the range proofs
of the Prio3 variants.
```
